Dad, I bought that land back.
Including the Joe family's land, how much did it cost?
A little too much.
Two billion.
It's doubled over there.
Two billion is not much.
I'm curious that Qin Yuming, he's not stupid.
Why did you sell this land to me?
The current manager of Qin Shi Group is that idiot Qin Fengming.
I'm just using tricks.
He's going to sell me the land.
Qin Yuming is an old man.
Fired a fool for power.
They can't do it.
The paradox is difficult.
Dad, that land's bought back now.
What to do next?
If you develop that land
But it takes a lot of money.
Okay, this one needs some stock.
Start-up Fundraising
It's still easy.
If you want to take stock.
It is better to sell some companies that have no value.
Yeah, who did you sell it to?
You Qin idiot.
I have a way for him to buy it.
Okay, then leave this to you.
Thanks, I'll be right there.
I'll come with you.